hello and guru Scott on this video we're
going to be changing out our
one-year-old Optima battery on our 2008
Suzuki Grand Vitara and we're going to
be installing this diehard platinum
series made by odyssey the reason we're
changing out the Optima is it's leaking
on the negative terminal and all the
acids coming out so that's not good and
so we're gonna replace it with hopefully
a battery that won't leak so the first
thing we're going to do is take the
battery out of the truck we'll show you
that here in a second so here's the
battery we're gonna take out it's a one
year old Optima it's leaking on the
negative terminal you can't see it at
this moment because we spent quite a bit
of time cleaning it up last weekend and
then I ordered a battery from Sears one
of the Platinum Series which is made by
Odyssey so the first thing we're going
to do is take off the negative terminal
you always take the negative off first
and please be sure and wear safety
glasses when you're working around
batteries it's very important I'm also
going to put on some vinyl gloves so
I'll remove this first move it out of
the way I'm gonna tape up that terminal
with some tape which I have with me and
I'll do that and I'll come right back at
this point I'm gonna go ahead and take
the positive side loose move it out of
the way tape it up we did notice a lot
of leakage down here I just cleaned it
up even more but it's just all this ass
is just coming right out I'll take off
this aluminum piece here the billet and
then I will put the handle on the
battery pull the old battery out so I'll
show that here be right back okay both
terminals are taped up now everything's
kind of safe I got the handle on I'm
gonna go ahead and extricate this
battery take it out move it out of the
way and get it ready to take down to the
recycle center and then I will place the
new battery in here and we'll come back
and see what we're gonna do next I've
installed the new battery and put down
the billet here and tighten it up I just
snug it up to the point where this won't
move and won't slide I didn't want to
make it too tight because I don't want
to crack or damage this plastic housing
first thing I'll do is I'll install the
positive first
so I'll pull this cap off and install
the positive and then the last thing
I'll do is install the negative and then
we'll test it to make sure it actually
starts up and works so I'll be right
back everything's now connected so
you'll have to remember to reset your
sunroof if you have it by pressing the
tilt up button and holding it for about
five seconds and also your stereo you'll
need to turn on and back off and that
should reset it so that's it thanks for
watching
juice